Flexible responses (#47)
cloudstateio/python-support: README.md

# Akka Serverless Python SDK

Source code for the Akka Serverless Python package.

For more information see the documentation for [implementing Akka Serverless services in JavaScript](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/javascript/).

> This package is a fork of the original [Python SDK](https://github.com/cloudstateio/python-support) for [Cloudstate](https://cloudstate.io/). This Akka Serverless package is heavily indebted to the [C]loudstate contributors](https://github.com/cloudstateio/python-support/graphs/contributors), especially [Adriano Santos](https://github.com/sleipnir) and [Marcel Lanz](https://github.com/marcellanz).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is a fork of the original [Python SDK](https://github.com/cloudstateio/python-support) for [Cloudstate](https://cloudstate.io/). This Akka Serverless package is heavily indebted to the [Cloudstate contributors](https://github.com/cloudstateio/python-support/graphs/contributors), especially [Adriano Santos](https://github.com/sleipnir) and [Marcel Lanz](https://github.com/marcellanz).
```

> This package is a fork of the original [Python SDK](https://github.com/cloudstateio/python-support) for [Cloudstate](https://cloudstate.io/). This Akka Serverless package is heavily indebted to the [C]loudstate contributors](https://github.com/cloudstateio/python-support/graphs/contributors), especially [Adriano Santos](https://github.com/sleipnir) and [Marcel Lanz](https://github.com/marcellanz).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This package is a fork of the original [User Language Support for Python](https://github.com/cloudstateio/python-support) for [Cloudstate](https://cloudstate.io/). This Akka Serverless package is heavily indebted to the [C]loudstate contributors](https://github.com/cloudstateio/python-support/graphs/contributors), especially [Adriano Santos](https://github.com/sleipnir) and [Marcel Lanz](https://github.com/marcellanz).
```
